These were easy to set up, and very comfortable to wear for hours. I love the sony headphones because the ear pads support your ears and keep them from hurting and getting sore. It’s also nice that you can adjust the headphone, through the two sides. My favorite thing about these are that they are lightweight on your head.Soundwise I am very satisifed, the quality is great. You can use either standard audio or 360 audio, its a really cool feature they implemented. The battery life is 50 hours which is pretty long, and great for those who will use all day long like me who uses them to listen to music while studying. I reccomend downloading the sony app to set them up and partake in all of the additional features they offer. For $40 you can’t beat a great deal.
Hi Cindyy,Thank you very much for sharing your awesome experience with the WH-CH520 Wireless Headphones! We are extremely pleased to know your satisfaction with its the very comfortable fit & lightweight design, ease of setup, exceptional sound quality, long-lasting battery life, reasonable price, and amazing features. With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you so much for your honest feedback and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
Overall great headphones  Sound is good, and they hold a charge extremely well. They are also adjustable and very comfortable -  I  often forget I’m wearing them (fell asleep with them on once! Lol) Sometimes I have a few rare connection issues but I’m still happy with them and prefer them to my other headphones. Would recommend.
Hi PickyPicky,That's amazing! We are so happy to know your satisfaction with the outstanding sound quality, long-lasting battery life, very comfortable fit design, and superb performance of the WH-CH520. We are sorry if you had encountered a Bluetooth connection issue. The WH-CH520 is designed to provide reliable and stable connectivity during various activities. However, certain factors such as distance, signal interference, and the environment can affect the connection. To troubleshoot the connection issue, check out the following link:https://www.sony.com/electronics/support/wireless-headphones-bluetooth-headphones/wh-ch520/articles/00097458I hope this helps.With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for recommending our WH-CH520 and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
I bought these Sony - WH_CH520 wireless headphones because of the Sony reputation. They were super inexpensive, so I was not expecting any frills. I purchased them to replace a pair of Sony headphones which were more expensive, but unfortunately I dropped and broke them. Well, in the mean time I was able to fix them by using very small screws which bridged the gap of the fractured housing. Now I have two sets. The set in question - those which I bought as a replacement - have the same sound quality. However, they are not the over the ear type but just on the ear. However, they never hurt no matter how long I wear them. The only con is that the buttons are not as easy to access while on one's head. I must remove them to set them properly. Moreover, as everything is black on black these days, it is easy to hit the wrong button and shut them down entirely. Well, I have gotten the hang of it, and I have a routine for turning them on and shutting them down. All in all, these headphones are perfectly good, with a few inconveniences which one would expect for low $$. I would buy them again even if I were to break them.
Hi KennethJ,Thanks for commenting. It is unfortunate to hear what happened with your Sony headphones. On the other hand, we are thrilled to know that you find our WHCH520 as a great replacement headset, and that you are satisfied with its very comfortable fit design & great sound quality. We truly appreciate your input with the design of these headphones. With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.If there's something we can do to help or you may need an information/technical assistance with our product, please feel free to email us at socialsupport@am.sony.com with the following details and we'll be more than happy to assist you.Name:BestBuy Username:Model Number:Issue:Telephone Number:Thank you so much for your purchase and for trusting Sony!Best regards,RomeoSony Social Support
I love Sony headphones…literally I have 3 pairs…one for working out, over the ear headphones for meditation and a pair I use for walking the dog. Yes, Sony headphones are that serious for me. The sound quality is AMAZING and they hold up well under my sweat during intense exercises. They also stay in place during strong movements such as jumping rope and jogging! The battery lasts FOREVER! One charge last several days without recharging!  Great product!
Hi QUETT,That's fantastic! We are so happy to know that you love our headphones and that you are satisfied with their amazing sound, exceptional quality, and long-lasting battery life.With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for the perfect star review and for commending Sony!- Romeo
These headphones are amazing quality they come with an ap you can download that can can change the settings on them the only downside is they dont work on ps5 you would think SONY headphones would work ON PS5 BUT IT DOESN'T. Great noise canceling you cant hear anything once u got them on fr leave an ear. Battery lasts 2 whole days.
Originally I had some Beats headphones that broke after having them about 5 years and they cost about $300. They cracked maybe like the second year of having them when I dropped them. So I was in search of new over the ear headphones since earbuds fall out as I’m sweating and working out. I came across these which were $40 and I thought that’s pretty great for Sony headphones. No matter how much I sweat there is no malfunction. There is a headphones app that you have to download in order to link the headphones to your phone and play music. I did that with no problem. Now the app is super cool because you can choose the sound quality of how you prefer to hear music and set it that way on the app. Never have I ever had a pair of headphones do that! I haven’t used that option yet because the sound is already great! They do not fall off if I run. There is also a built in mic. There are 3 buttons. To power on, choose the next song or go back. If you long press it can also change the volume up or down. You can turn off the headphones by using the power button or you can turn them off using the app. The app collects data such as how long you were wearing the headphones each day. It also tells you the battery life. Now I’ve been using a these headphones everyday for about 3-4 weeks, an hour a day and on one single charge. It still says 100% battery. Also in the app there is a listening log which shows the songs you’ve listened to. I’m sure there are a lot more functions but I just haven’t played with it enough. Overall I’d give these headphones a 10/10.
Good deal for the price. Not amazing sound quality, but equalizer app is great. Very comfy on a smaller head. Excellent battery life. Doesn't create fatigue. Very good gift idea
The sound is amazing better than I thought to be honest for 40 bucks not bad at all. 
A bunch of colors available 
And it does not come off my head at all 
I have a bunch of piercings on my ear and the fact that I’m comfortable with the headphones on 
It doesn’t hurt or bother me
Hi LeslieR,Fantastic! We're truly delighted to know your satisfaction with the incredible sound quality, stylish color & very comfortable fit design, and reasonable price of the WH-CH520 Wireless Headphones. With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for your purchase and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
Bought these for gym not expecting much especially for the price but they are honestly one of the best headphones i’ve tried. The sound quality is good, they feel expensive, the battery lasts a very long time, and they are comfortable to wear!
Hello JackieR, We are thrilled to hear that you like the sound quality and battery life of your Sony wireless headphones. Our WHCH520 headphones allow you to enjoy high-quality sound all day long with up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance. They will make your music more natural with our Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE) which restores the harmonics and liveliness lost during typical music compression, for a more authentic performance. These are also 360 Reality Audio-compatible so you can fully immerse yourself in sound all around you. Thank you for your purchase. Enjoy! Vincent
I love the incredible battery life, noise cancelling in various environments, and comfortable to wear for several hours at time. Excellent quality for a reasonable price.
For 50 dollars is amazing and good quality sound. Also is comfortable to wear it on,
Thanks for commenting, JosselineC!We are truly delighted to hear your satisfaction with the exceptional sound quality, very comfortable fit design, and reasonable price of the WH-CH520.With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for your purchase and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
These headphones have excellent sound quality for a great price. I was looking for a decent pair of headphones and these absolutely delivered. Very easy to set up and use they are nicly charged right out the box and last quite the while staying fully charged even after a decent work session. I highly recommend these headphones.
Hi Bumbles,Fantastic! We are truly delighted to know your satisfaction with the amazing sound quality, ease of setup, long-lasting battery life, and reasonable price of our WH-CH520 Wireless Headphones. With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for recommending our WH-CH520 and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
The quality of the updated headset is 10x better. I enjoy them as the outside noise is faint but you are able to hear someone talk softly. I was so surprised about the battery life. I didn't charge them for alittle over 2 months.
Hi NatalieC, Thank you for the great review! We're very happy to hear you like the excellent sound and long battery life of your Sony WHCH520. Enjoy high sound quality all day long. The WH-CH520 headphones with up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day. And for total convenience, these Bluetooth® headphones can be paired with two Bluetooth® devices at the same time. So when a call comes in, your headphones know which device is ringing and connects to the right one automatically. Thanks for choosing Sony! -Sam
They are excellent headphones for their price.  The ear pads are comfortable and I like the versatility it gives you by being able to plug it into multiple devices at the same time.  One of its strong points is the battery, I am one who uses the headphones for several hours a day at a medium-high volume and it takes between 2 and 3 days to recharge them.  Lastly, the only downside I would like is that I don't feel that the sound has improved much compared to its previous version (Wh-Ch510) but the sound is still good and I totally recommend them.
Hi Xavier, Thank you for the amazing review! Good to hear you like the comfortable fit, option to connect to multiple devices, and long battery life of your new Sony WHCH520. To ensure optimal listening experience, please download the Sony Headphones Connect app. There you will find all sorts of tools like an equalizer to fine-tune your headset and personalize the sound to your liking.REF:https://helpguide.sony.net/mdr/2958/v1/en/contents/TP1000776844.htmlEnjoy high sound quality all day long. The WH-CH520 headphones with up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day. And for total convenience, these Bluetooth® headphones can be paired with two Bluetooth® devices at the same time. So when a call comes in, your headphones know which device is ringing and connects to the right one automatically. Thanks for choosing Sony! -Sam
I purchase these blue tooth headphones because I broke my beats headphones. I didn't have the beats funds so i had to get something reasonable. I wasn't sure about these headphones. I was very aware of the brand Sony, one of my favorites. Long story short, I love them!
I love these headphones they're really good. I recommend then if you don't wanna spend to much in headphones. I've had them for 3 weeks now
Hi Amarikais6K,You've made a great choice! We are so happy to know that you love our WH-CH520. We greatly appreciate your recommendation! With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day.Thank you very much for your purchase and for choosing Sony!- Romeo
For me and my ears too small , so I returned them . I got a pair for my roomy ears smaller she uses them every night . She really enjoys them . The sound quality , the soft ear pads and it actually stays on her small head .
Great Headphones. The audio is really good like any other high end headphone. The microphone works great for videos and calls. The battery life lasts you forever. One simple charge and it lasts you hours!
Comptable to wear and great sound, the material is seamless
Excellent sound quality. Microphone works great. Battery stays for an extended period.
Hi Vinodh, we're glad you like the sound quality, microphone and battery of our product. With the WH-CH520 headphones, you will enjoy high sound quality all day long. With up to 50 hours of battery life, stable connectivity, and enhanced call performance, meet the demands of your day. Thanks for choosing Sony. ~Earl
