Best headphones for $150. They sound amazing for the price. I listen to a lot of hip hop and that bass really pops. The ANC I have to say is surprisingly good. Super light weight! They feel so comfortable on your head with the foam padding. I use them for chillin watching movies or just listening to music and they do an amazing job. You would love them too if you're into working out and need some light weight headphones to use that wont make you feel uncomfortable with the weight or the fit. The physical buttons are nice and clicky. I've had them for over a month now and I can honestly say that these are the best headphones I've ever purchased and I've bought a couple that made me feel ripped off. If you know Sony then you should know they have the best quality when it comes to sound. I highly recommend these headphones.
Hi RobTech, Thanks for sharing your awesome experience with your Sony headphones. We are glad to hear that they are the best headphones for you. Our WH-CH720N headphones allow you to enjoy natural vocals, crystal-clear sound and balanced tuning audio, thanks to the Integrated Processor V1 and Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE), producing a high-quality sound exactly as the artists intended. The Precise Voice Pickup technology Wind Noise Reduction Structure will give you a clear and natural conversation during calls. Thank you for your purchase. Enjoy! Vincent
Very long battery life while still being extremely comfortable making it even easier to use for long periods of time. I've had them about a month and have used them around 160 hours. So far no wear, not even on the muffs. Along with the fact being this is the best sound quality for the price, you can look at Beats but they tend to muddy the bass, Soundcore is good for being very good audio at a low price, but even if you're looking at the Q45's or Space Ones they'll fall a bit short of these(though i am a big fan of the motion boom plus soundcore speaker). Which leaves the Sony WH-CH720N as the best pair of bluetooth headpones for the money, giving slightly more product than would be expected at this price, and Sony keeps its name as a brand for the Audiophiles.(also I've seen the comments about worries for durability, mine have already been through a bit with no issues)
Hi EvanH,You made the right choice with the Sony WHCH720N! We're thrilled that you like the battery life, comfort, durability, and sound quality of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
If you're looking for budget Noise Cancelling headphones with excellent sound quality and EQ settings, these are your best bet. My girlfriend recently purchased these and with her first time getting into trying noise-canceling and over-the-ear headphones, she loved them. I was interested as I recently purchased the Sony WH-1000XM5 and I wanted to see if these were close to these headphones I will honestly admit, these are crazy good but do lack some of the features that the XM5s do have. 

PROS:

Comfort and weight
(Alongside to my XM5's the WH-CH720N's have the same lightweight and comfortable feeling as my XM5's. With wearing them for a few hours, I would honestly say that these feel really comfortable and does not give me any fatigue.)

-Sound Quality 
(I was surprisingly blown away by how these headphones absolutely sounded and it was similar to my XM5's. I am not a hardcore audiophile but as a daily user of tech and just being an average person trying them out, it was great. If you are able to find a good setting for the EQs in the app, you can make these things sound like 200-250 dollar headphones.)

-Noise Cancellation
(These have great noise cancellation, especially for the price and it is able to eliminate the sound of road noise, people talking in an open room, and obviously random noise that you hear in a quiet room.) 

-Battery life
(With the reported 35 hours of battery life is just insane. My girlfriend purchased these after about a week and receiving them for about 60-65% of the charge at this moment still having 50% is really good and she also uses them for being at home or when traveling.)

CONS:

-Build Quality
(While holding these headphones and seeing how they feel on the hands, it feels cheap which is very understandable at this price point. But it would be nice for Sony to be able to possibly make a better quality pair of headphones at this price and I am fine with this because the sound is what mainly should impress you, especially at this price point which was purchased on sale.)

-No case
(It would be nice on having just a simple case that comes with the headphones to protect them. This is just a personal thing but as a person who spends their hard-earned money, you would want to protect your investment and not just let it sit in a bag possibly breaking them.)


Overall these headphones are worth every penny and if you are someone who doesn't want to break the bank but still want the amazing sound quality, these are your best bet. There are other options out there that do fill in the cons of these headphones but when it comes to noise cancellation and EQ settings, I feel that Sony is top-tier when it comes to this.
Hi Melvin, Thanks for your feedback and insights. Sony values the opinions of customers and is always striving to provide the best experience possible.  Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thanks for choosing Sony! Erin
￼very great price on discount. Has great sound for the price, fit nice around the head and amazing battery life. Only complaints would be the noise canceling and has a little much bass, works great just could be improved but still works great.
That's great to hear, Seth! We're glad you like your headphones. Enjoy and thanks for choosing Sony! -Craig
They sound amazing and great bass, highly recommended
Hi StephanS,Perfect! We're glad that you are enjoying the sound quality of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
I was originally convinced that Apple only made these types of noise Headphones because Apple products are marketed very well.  But at one-third the price ($162 vs $499 without tax), the basic Sony Wireless Noise Canceling Headphones (WHCH720N) are unbelievable and I love them.  

Sometimes I just wear them at my apartment to block out noise without them playing audio (because they literally will block out the birds chirping at my apartment telling the community that the sun is about to go down).  With the Sony app, they work on my iPhone IOS 16.5, iPad, and Dell G7 laptop with no problem.  The Sony headphones connect the easiest to my Dell G7 laptop out of all my devices.
Hi KirkB, We're glad that you are enjoying your new headphones. Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thanks for choosing Sony! Erin
These Sony Headphones were a great buy! They are affordable and sync easily with my iphone 15. Sound quality is crisp and clear when listening at high or low volumes! Fits over ears nice and comfortable not too snug and not too loose. Would definitely recommend!
Hi TMack,Thank you for such a great review and recommendation! We're really glad that you are enjoying the superb sound, comfortable fit, easy pairing/connection, and overall performance of your new Sony headphones. Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thank you for choosing Sony! - Kris
Wasn’t sure at first to buy this specific Sony headphones but I’m sure glad I did & it’s honestly the Perfect Sony headphones I personally own, especially for the affordable price! From the light weight comfort, Bluetooth & sound quality & even the look of the headphones, in my opinion. I feel future customers looking to buy this can’t do know wrong & it’s good on your pockets lol!
Hi KevinM, Thank you for your review! We are glad to hear that you are enjoying the sound quality of your new WHCH720N headphones! Thank you for choosing Sony! -Carl
These Sony headphones are pretty good for the price, the ANC is pretty effective but it has an odd quirk where if you sing a certain note it will deactivate. The battery has lasted me 5-6 days with about 4 hour use each day and there is an option to turn off any ANC or Ambient noise mode to stretch the battery life.

The ear cups do feel a bit small because after a few hours you can feel the frame covering the driver on your ear and it becomes a bit painful, possibly an issue on only users with large ears.

The app allows you to fine tune your bass mids and trebles to your preference and I feel like it has a pretty good sound quality, although it isn't incredible it's still really good for the price.

I do wish some sort of shell case came included but that is a separate purchase, but these headphones offer great features and great sound for a decent price.

(Image from about a month after use)
Hi AlexC,We are happy that you like most of the features and capabilities of your Sony headphones. Our WH-CH720N headphones allow you to enjoy natural vocals, crystal-clear sound and balanced tuning audio, thanks to the Integrated Processor V1 and Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE), producing a high-quality sound exactly as the artists intended. Please make sure your headphones are up-to-date to improve their performance and resolve any possible software-related issues:https://www.sony.com/electronics/support/wh-ch720n/software/00289137. We take all user input seriously and will make sure your comments reach the appropriate person. Should you need further assistance, you can email us at socialsupport@am.sony.com.Sincerely,Vincent
These are the first nice pair of headphones I've ever purchased and I can easily say I don't regret it! I wasn't ready to drop $350 on the newer/nicer model, but I truly don't feel like I'm missing anything with these ones.
They fit my smaller head well without hurting, they have decent noise cancellation (that wasn't one of my main concerns so I didn't need it to be the absolute best, I can still definitely tell a difference when I activate the noise cancelling with these) and the sound quality is amazing! I was debating between these and a few JBL pairs, and the associate in-store recommended the Sony brand overall and I can see why. I also particularly like the app that goes with the headphones, I've tried out the beta EQ test thing to see what my sound preferences are and make a custom EQ setting, and WOW has it made a difference! Paring is easy, battery life is normal and definitely good enough for my daily but casual usage, and the buttons are all easy to find/press while wearing the headphones. They are light but sturdy, and feel very sleek. My only fault is that they don't come with a case, but I will be buying one soon to keep them protected. Overall a great purchase and if you aren't needing the absolute best sound quality or noise cancellation, these are the best option for you!
Hi MathewF,That is awesome! Congratulations on your first awesome headphone and we can guarantee you that you will enjoy this one! You can enjoy listening to your favorite music without any distraction from the outside noise, thanks to the amazing noise canceling capability of our WHCH720N. We're glad that you were able to utilized the Sony app to customized your headphone to your preferred settings.Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it.Thank you for giving our WHCH720N a 5-star rating and for choosing Sony!Regards,Marco
I was very skeptical at first because regardless of the hype, I wanted to make sure i was getting my moneys worth because I dont like dropping a lot of money on things like this. I wanted something effective at blocking out noise with pretty good sound. I was trying to keep the price range close to $100, and the only choices I had were Raycons, JBL’s, Beats and these sony’s. After a week of deliberating and asking around. The Best Buy rep helped me the most. The biggest thing as well was almost everything else was on-the-ear, instead of over-the-ear, and i have 25mm tunnels with a few other piercings. These are so comfortable and dont press against anything! Theyre so lightweight that i forget they’re even there. I highly recommend this set!!!
Hi Dmnobles,You definitely made the right choice! We're glad to hear your new headphones suits your needs and expectations. Nice to know you are enjoying the amazing sound quality, noise canceling features, lightweight, and comfortable fit of the WHCH720N. Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thank you for the recommendation and for choosing Sony! - Kris
My favorite headphones in 30 years! 
Word of advice, even though the replacement ear cushions are expensive, they are worth it I have tried many 3rd party brands and they fall short of noise cancelling and even mess up the electronics by not fitting perfectly and not being tuned to this device. But, I like these headphones so much I will buy new pads then new pair later.
Hi Sirscott, we're glad you like our product. Thanks for choosing Sony! ~Earl
Very comfortable, great sounding noise canceling earphone. Under a $100
Hi Artv88, Thank you for your review! We are glad to hear that you are enjoying the sound quality of your new WHCH720N headphones! Thank you for choosing Sony! -Carl
These headphones are exactly what you expect for the price. Not only do they sound wonderful, they're compact, easy to carry, and didn't break the bank. I love the slim design and the range of different colors offered. I got this headset for about $160, which was substantially more affordable than those $300+ Sony headsets, which I'm sure sound great, but for the price, I had to pass. They're easy to set up, charge, and are really comfortable. I typically wear my other headset for hours everyday, and can attest they're not uncomfortable and don't leave my ears sore. Although they didn't come with a case, I bought the Air Pro Max case and they fit perfectly inside. Theres also a little pocket which holds my charger & any other accessories I might need.
Hi Jess,Very nice! Thank you for reaching out to us today! We're always happy to hear from you. We're happy to hear that you love the price point, compact and comfortable design of the headphones. Our WH-CH720N headphones allow you to enjoy natural vocals, crystal-clear sound and balanced tuning audio, thanks to the Integrated Processor V1 and Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE), producing a high-quality sound exactly as the artists intended. The Precise Voice Pickup technology Wind Noise Reduction Structure will give you a clear and natural conversation during calls. We take all user input seriously and will make sure your comments reach the appropriate person. Thank you for choosing Sony!-David
This Sony headphone is such a decent introduction to the tech nerd/daily driver/college students, to the world of high class audio equipment. The proprietary app integration with ANC gives this headphone access to Sony's enhanced audio capabilities both in terms of software and hardware. DSSE extreme, switchable ANC, Dual device pairing, Assistant integration.... the lot, it has it all. And for such a good price it's really pushing you to go grab this amazing piece of technology. Sony headphones last long. This could be the start of something amazing.
Hi JoelKanaka, we're glad you are enjoying your new headphones! Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WHCH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thanks for choosing Sony! ~Earl
The sound quality of these WH-CH720N is great. The battery life on these headphones are awesome. I have no problems at all with the connectivity. Thank you, Sony
Hello TerrenceH, We are glad that you like the sound quality and battery life of your Sony wireless noise canceling headphones. Our WH-CH720N headphones allow you to enjoy natural vocals, crystal-clear sound and balanced tuning audio, thanks to the Integrated Processor V1 and Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE), producing a high-quality sound exactly as the artists intended. The Precise Voice Pickup technology Wind Noise Reduction Structure will give you a clear and natural conversation during calls. Thank you for choosing Sony! Vincent
These headphones provide good audio experience with their noise-cancellation feature. which efficiently drowns out background noise, allowing for uninterrupted listening. The build quality is solid and battery life is impressive, lasting through several days of moderate use on a single charge.
Highly recommended.
Hi Ratul, Thanks for sharing your thoughts and feedback on the Sony WHCH720N headphones. We're glad you like them. Enjoy and thanks for choosing Sony! -Craig
An amazingly comfortable fit, fantastic ambient sound feature that allows me to be aware of my surroundings. The sound quality is unreal and the battery last such a long time I don't need to plug it in to charge for a few days when I'm using it for a few hours at a time. I love the color too. 10/10 would recommend for others to purchase.
Hi PearlE, That's awesome! We are pleased to hear that you like how comfortably fits your ear, and how fantastic the Ambient Sound feature of our Sony WHCH720N as well as the sound quality and battery life of the headphone. Our WH-CH720N headphones allow her to enjoy natural vocals, crystal-clear sound and balanced tuning audio, thanks to the Integrated Processor V1 and Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE), producing a high-quality sound exactly as the artists intended. The Precise Voice Pickup technology Wind Noise Reduction Structure will give her a clear and natural conversation during calls. You chose the best for her. Thank you for choosing Sony! - Marco
Great headset, just what I was looking for. I’m a student and I love to use these for everyday use. Sound canceling is great and you can adjust the sound mixing with these headphones.
That's great to hear, AdrienneR! We're glad you're happy with your purchase. Make sure to keep your device's firmware up to date to enjoy all its features. Thanks for choosing Sony! -Craig
I am shocked at how great these headphones are! The headphones cancel sound so well, are light, charge quick, have a long battery life and ARE AFFORDABLE COMPARED TO OTHERS! 

I wanted to buy the Apple brand because I’m use to their products but it’s so expensive! These headphones are almost too good to be true, Sony has impressed me as a first time buyer.
Hi Pastel,Perfect! We're really happy that you are impressed with the amazing sound, noise canceling function, easy charging, and long battery life of your new headphones. Your satisfaction means a lot to us. Turn down the world's noise with the long-lasting noise cancellation performance. Featuring Dual Noise Sensor technology and an Integrated Processor V1, the WH-CH720N allows you to fully immerse yourself in music without any distractions. Ergonomically designed to be lightweight, comfortable, and with up to 35 hours of battery life, you’ll almost forget you’re wearing it. Thank you for choosing SONY! - Kris
