These headphones are fantastic! The noise-canceling feature is top-notch, completely blocking out distractions, making them perfect for travel or busy environments. The bass is deep and powerful, delivering an immersive listening experience across all genres. Plus, they’re incredibly comfortable for long wear, and the battery life is impressive. Overall, a great investment for anyone who loves high-quality sound! Highly recommend!
Hi JonathanDias, we're glad you are enjoying your new headphones! Thanks for choosing Sony. ~Earl
I love it. I’ve been planning to buy the Sony XM4 headphones because of the noise cancellation but once I tried these on it was a no brainer. The noise cancellation nearly blocks out EVERYTHING and once my music plays you can consider me deaf because I won’t hear a thing. The bass is also one of my favorite features, it’s absolutely amazing as well as the sound quality. They’re also very comfortable on my ears which is a big thing for me because I wear glasses so many headphones start to hurt my ears after a while because they push into my glasses but I can wear these for hours and not feel a thing. Battery life is also a plus as well as the fully customizable capability in the app. 12/10 recommend
Hi Rachel,You made the right choice with the ULT WEAR headphones! We're thrilled that you like the noise canceling function, sound quality, comfort, and battery life of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
I'm In Shock I can't believe the Powerfull sounds of this headphones 
This Pair Delivers a Tremendous amount of Bass 
Without lowering any Voice or instrument in the songs
I already used for like 11 hours without taking it out or my head And I Had No Problems of Fell My Head or my Ears Tired they are So Comfortable 
Plus they are Very lightweight and 
The Carrying bag is just Like the headphones, 
Amazing 
I love them!!
Hi DavidGaldamez, Thanks for the 5-star rating! We're glad you are happy with it. Enjoy and thanks for choosing Sony. -Craig
They are one of the best headphones I have purchased in which they are very good in sound quality for the use I give them that is only for TV and in perfect noise cancellation.
Hi DerikC, Thank you for the positive review! We're thrilled to hear you're enjoying the great sound quality and excellent noise cancellation of your Sony ULT WEAR. Thanks for choosing Sony! -Sam
The sound quality to me is very solid, great bass when you need it. ANC and pass through modes are great as well. a great option at half the price of the sony xm5’s
Hi Eric,Great! We're thrilled that you like the sound quality, noise canceling function, and Ambient Sound Mode of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
I picked up a pair of XM4s a few days before realizing these new ULT Wear headphones were coming out. After wearing the XM4s for a few days, I can safely say that these ULT headphones can produce a much better sound in the bass. The mids and highs are almost exactly the same to my ear. I played with the EQ from the app and tried to make them as similar as possible while listening to the same song and I prefered the sound from the ULT Wear more. Another feature that I noticed is that the ANC on the ULT wear outperformed the XM4s slightly. I had some noise pass through the XM4s while noise cancellation was on so that was a little disappointing and the ambient sound feature made the noise that passed through sound very robotic. After comparing this to the ULT Wear, I found the ANC feature surpasses the XM4s and blocks out more noise even without having music playing.  The ambient sound feature also did not distort the noise that was passed through. A small but noticable detail that I appreciated. As far as the looks of both i think they look great. The XM4 have more premium materials that make up the headphones and a softer leatherette that makes up the ear cups. The XM4s sit more comfortably on the head and were not as tight on my head as the ULTs but only slightly. The ULTs do have a nice build but the XM4s do have the edge in that aspect. However this doesnt affect its performance. The ULTs I think are a solid choice for the price especially when compared to the XM4s and Beats Studio Pros. TLDR: ULT Wears over the current flagship models because the quality of sound is the same but the bass is better and the ANC is much better than the XM4s. Quality is good for its price point. ULT>XM4s>Beats Studio Pro
Hi GioRodriguez26,Thanks for sharing your review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're thrilled that you are enjoying the sound quality and noise canceling function of the headphones. Your feedback about the materials used is greatly appreciated. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
I’ve been using these for like 2  months and I love them. I use them for music and watching study lectures. I can use them for like phone calls or zoom calls but sometimes people say it can be hard to hear me but they will work for calls. I even sometimes just turn them on for the noise cancellation feature and don’t play anything. The sound quality is really nice especially in noise canceling mode. I’ve noticed if I have them out of noise canceling mode but a loud noise goes off near me or I yell it kicks noise canceling on which is cool. They fit nice on my head and don’t really hurt after extended use. The battery last a really long time I’ve only had to charge them maybe twice. I like the white color and it isn’t hard to keep clean. They came with a nice case so they are easy to carry around places. They also connect to 2 devices at once so I can easily be watching a video on my computer and pick up my phone and the audio switches to that. Overall I really like them, my only complaint would be they are kinda bulky and look big on my head/stick out far, but functional and quality wise they are perfect for the money.
Hi Sarah, thanks for choosing and purchasing our product. We're glad you enjoying your new headphones. Thank you for your feedback on the WHULT900N headphones. We understand that the bulkiness and the way they stick out can be a concern for some users. The WHULT900N is part of the ULT POWER SOUND series, which prioritizes delivering high-quality audio performance. This design choice can sometimes result in a larger form factor to accommodate the necessary components for superior sound quality and noise-canceling features.We're sorry to hear that you have an issue with call quality of your new Sony. If the other person cannot hear you or their call volume is low during calls, please follow this link to isolate the issue:https://helpguide.sony.net/mdr/2981/v1/en/contents/TP1001293813.htmlIf you require any additional support with regard to this product, please email us at socialsupport@am.sony.com with the following details: Name: Username: Model Number: Issue: Telephone Number:~Earl
These headphones are amazing to use, I’ve used them the past four days and haven’t had to charge them at all. Amazing sound and an even better noise cancelling. Definitely would recommend to use at the gym as well
Hi AlanS,Perfect! We're glad that you like the battery life, sound quality, and noise canceling function of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
Awesome sound quality and bass!  If you’re looking for over the ear headphones with huge sound, look no further.
Hi BrandonM,Thank you so much for such a great review and recommendation! That's good to know that you are enjoying the powerful sound and great bass of your new ULT WEAR headphones. Sony's commitment to customer satisfaction is our top priority. Thanks for choosing Sony! - Kris
At first the sound wasnt to good the sound wasnt to loud or impressive but after messing with for an hr these headphones are the best ive owned. Much better then the beats studio pros
Hi DarrellB, Thank you for the positive review! We're very happy to hear that you were able to adjust the sound of your new Sony ULT WEAR to your personal preference for an optimal listening experience. Thanks for choosing Sony! -Sam
Best sounding headphones on the market with crazy bass and clear sound.
Hi EricG, We're thrilled to hear that you're enjoying the audio quality of your headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony. Erin
With experience with higher-end Sony headphones, I know you really can't go wrong with them when it comes to sound, so this time around I wanted a particular feature (Multi-Point Connection) to connect seamlessly between my phone and the Bluetooth turntable. Unfortunately, it does connect two devices at the same time once you enable it in options, but in my case, you still have to connect each device you want to connect manually if you are connected to the turntable.

As far as sound, it is incredible on both streaming apps on the phone and vinyl. I was blown away instantly. I found the audio quality energized and tonally balanced during my first listen, and it only got better as I switched between the Ult Power Sound modes. 

The new Sony - ULT WEAR Wireless are Comfy for long listening sessions and have a plush design that feels typically on well-made wireless headphones. Outstanding potential battery life with sound that is bold for a  confident sound presentation
Hi Gadgetmang,Thanks for sharing your review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the design, comfort, battery life, and sound quality of the headphones. Your feedback about the multipoint function is greatly appreciated. For optimum performance, make sure that the software version of the headphones is up-to-date (via the Sony Headphones Connect app). Please note that when using the multipoint function, the 2 Bluetooth devices must be first paired respectively. For more information, please refer to this link:https://helpguide.sony.net/mdr/2981/v1/en/contents/TP1001300534.htmlHope this helps. In case you need further assistance, please email the below information to socialsupport@am.sony.com.Name:Username:Model Number:Issue:Telephone Number:Or contact our product support team via phone call or chat through this link:https://us.esupport.sony.com/support/s/support-contact?language=en_US&category=headphonesSincerely,-Ralph
For a person who loves alot of bass this is one best choices in my opinion.
Hi Fahim,Amazing! We're thrilled that you are enjoying the sound quality of the headphones. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
As an audiophile, I love (may even be addicted to) noise canceling (NC) headphones whether over-the-ear or in-ear buds. This is my fourth pair of over-the-ear Sony NC headphones, having previously owned and reviewed the Sony WHCH720N, Sony WH-1000XM4, and Sony 1000XM2. With each release, Sony ups the game. My 1000XM2 headphones sounded amazing, but unfortunately did not hold up as well as I had hoped and cracked, thus leading to my 1000XM4 (purchased and reviewed in 2020) which I still wear on a regular basis. That alone should speak to the improvement in construction, comfort, battery life and quality of Sony's higher-end NC headphones.

My interest in the Sony WH-ULT900N was the "ULT" (I am assuming it stands for ULTimate bass) element. My music tastes are fairly wide ranging from 60s/70s hippie and classic rock, 80s hair bands/rap/pop, 90s grunge/alt/rock/pop/hip hop, 00s alt/rock/club/rap/hop/metal and modern alternative/rock. This means I run the gamut on bass. Obviously, the 60s-80s music is a bit lacking in bass. The 90s introduced more prominent bass lines in rock and hip hop and rap. Modern music has found a way to tighten and strengthen bass without being overwhelming...usually. 

When I am in full-on "dad mode" (i.e. riding the lawn mower and shuffling nearly nearly 7 decades of music) I often have the desire to quickly change the bass EQ--especially when my shuffle jumps from REM's "Superman" to Billie Eilish's "bad guy." My WH-1000XM4 headphones actually handled the transition "okay" but the Sony WH-ULT900N "ULT button" gives me the freedom to quickly adjust the bass without having to touch my phone or tweak an EQ app with each new song that comes on. [See my testing list of songs below and the "sweet spot" for ULT. Hint: It is usually "1"--or moderate boost.]

COMFORT/FIT: As with any over-the-ear, noise canceling headphones, there is body and weight to the headphones, but it is on par with previous versions of Sony's higher-end NC headphones and the weight is not too much for all day wear. They do get a bit warm and sweaty if you are active. I would NOT wear these during a workout. Even just mowing the lawn the cups get a bit moist. A small sacrifice for the outstanding noise cancelation and sound quality, though.

BATTERY: My previous Sony headphones have all lived up to the battery charge/life promise delivered in the product specs. These headphones will hold a charge of 30hrs (NC on, 50hrs if NC is off), quick charge to 90 minutes with just 3 minutes on a modern charger or 5hrs of charge with just 10 minutes on your charger.

IN THE BOX: One of the BEST bonuses of buying Sony NC headphones is that they usually come with a case for storage. These headphones include a stylish, hard-shelled storage case to safely fold and store your headphones. Also included is a USB-A to USB-C charging cable but no charger. An AUX cable is included for wired connectivity.

BLUETOOTH: I find the "dual device connectivity" useful as I often work listening to music or video conferencing through the laptop with the need to have cell phone connected to the headphones. The headphones switch between devices for me on the fly when the phone rings.

ADDITIONAL FEATURES: The app, which was the same used for previous Sony NC headphones, gives you multiple options like turning on/off the dual device ("Multi-Point Connectivity) bluetooth option, an EQ (see photo), noise cancelation customization, a music player, a list of connected devices, and control over settings like "power off after X minutes" or "pause music when headphones are taken off." It is also worth noting that while the headphones themselves have the ULT button, a power button and a NC on/off button, additional controls like volume, skip, pause, etc. are touch controlled by swiping your finger on the surface of the right muff. Again, same controls as previous models, but you will want to take a moment to review the touch control settings so you don't accidentally hang up on an important call.

OVERALL I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT for anyone who wants easy bass boosting with a manual button on a quality pair of noise canceling headphones. The battery life and charging are spectacular improvements. The audio quality is among the best and is fully customizable with the app. Noise cancelation is above average and equally as good (if not better) as any other NC headphones at this price point. Dual device bluetooth connectivity is a bonus. They can be worn without discomfort for hours as long as you don't mind a bit of ear warmth. Construction seems solid with a fair amount of sturdiness even though much of the material is plastic. I honestly cannot come up with anything I do not like about these headphones.

(Some of the) Music used to review:

Pearl Jam: Dark Matter (strong opening bass line) - ULT at "1"
Twenty One Pilots: Heathens - ULT at "1"
Notorious BIG: Hypnotize - ULT at "2"
Sub Urban: Cradles - ULT at "1"
Post Malone: Wow - ULT at "2"
Bon Jovi: You Give Love A Bad Name - ULT at "0" or "1"
Information Society: What's On Your Mind - ULT at "2"
Metallica: Nothing Else Matters - ULT at "1"
Fall Out Boy: Uma Thurman - ULT at "0"
Hi BenisJ,Thanks for sharing your in-depth review and experience with the Sony ULT WEAR headphones. We regret to hear about what happened to your WH1000XM2 headphones. You made the right choice upgrading to the ULT WEAR headphones! We're glad that you like the sound quality, ULT function, battery life, supplied accessories, multipoint connection, and dedicated app of the headphones. Your feedback about the earpad material is also appreciated. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
I am a huge fan of over ear noise canceling headphones. I work at home, and I live in a neighborhood full of dogs who bark a lot. That and all of the landscapers, all day long. These Sony Ult Wear headphones are amazing, as expected. I also own the Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones, so I’ll sort of compare the two here. 

First let me say how relieved I am that Sony gave these an actual name, and not just a number and letter combo. Well, there is a model number, for Sony’s use, but we don’t have to talk about that here. I never really know how to refer to my WH-1000XM4s. It’s way too long to remember and say, that’s for sure. These Ult Wears are very similar in general. For the price point, these are amazing headphones. I got the off white color, which I love. I have a ton of black gear and wear black all the time, so something other than black was more than welcome! 

Sony has an app that you can set up your preferences, toggle between Sony headphones, noise canceling vs. ambient sound, equalizer control, etc. The QR code for downloading is on a brief info insert in the box. The case for the Ult Wears is very similar to my WH-1000XM4s.The only thing that is missing is the nylon strap loop on the outside, which I really like. Also missing is the in-flight adapter, which I have never used, but I guess it’s nice to have. The charging cable (SB-A to USB-C) and aux cable jack is inside the case. I like that the case is flat and not bulky. With Sony design,they just do everything with extreme detail. They are very meticulous about design and prefer to minimize waste. There’s no plastic in the box, and the headphones are made of recycled material.

The headphones were very easy to pair with my iPhone.The headphones have a Ult button that when pushed, it makes a boost sound or poof type sound when turned on or off. It’s pretty fun. I am not usually very good at the controls when I’m wearing headphones, but this Ult button is in a spot far enough away from the other buttons on the left side that I can do it without messing everything else up. My favorite way to use these headphones is in noise canceling mode. We have come a long way since the Walkman. Which I still have, by the way. 

You can connect these headphones to two different devices at the same time. This comes in handy if I’m listening to something on my iPad and I get a call on my iPhone. Something I want to mention is that when I talk on the iPhone with the headphones, nobody says that I sound far away or weird, or anything negative. The battery life is really good. I’ve had these headphones for about five days. I charged them when I first got them, and I have been wearing them and haven’t had to charge it again. In the headphone app, it shows you how much battery life is left. I still have 89% battery after the several hours I’ve used these. These headphones are comfortable. Possibly more comfortable than WH-1000XM4 for me. The headphones weigh almost the same amount though.
 
So there you have it, a not technical review of tech gear. I really like these Sony Ult Wears and the off white color!
Hi DeeGore,Thanks for sharing your 5-star review and experience with the Sony ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the color, app settings, connectivity, ULT button, multipoint function, battery life, and comfort of the headphones. Your feedback about the case design and supplied accessories is also appreciated. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
If you're all about that bass, the Sony ULT Wear has a feature just for you with its ULT POWER SOUND settings. However, I found the highest setting too overwhelming—listening to Monster Magnet's "Space Lord" turned into a bit of a swampy mess. The lowest setting felt a bit thin, lacking that oomph, while the middle was definitely the sweet spot, although still missing a bit of punch. Plus, the breaking glass sound effect when switching modes? Kind of cheesy, if you ask me.

Let's talk about the Sony Headphones Connect App. Sure, it's great to customize your sound, but honestly, who wants to fiddle with an app just to get their music started? It feels like a bit of a hassle when you just want to throw on your headphones and dive into your playlist.

Now, the noise cancellation is where these headphones shine. Sony’s tech does an amazing job of blocking out the world so you can focus on your tunes. The toggle is straightforward, though I wish the headphones would tell me out loud when I'm switching from noise cancelling to ambient mode, instead of just playing a chime.

Battery life is awesome. You get up to 30 hours of playtime, and while the quick charge is a nice feature, with the battery life it has you'll be able to wear for days at at time!

The Multi-Point Connection feature sounds good on paper, letting you connect to two devices at once. But in practice, it's not as seamless as you'd expect, especially compared to what you get in the Apple ecosystem. Switching devices manually through the app can be a bit of a drag.

As far as wearing these headphones are concerned, they're comfy! I've worn them for hours with no neck strain or ear fatigue. The touch controls are a breeze to use—no more guessing which tiny button does what. The design might feel a bit plastic, but the Forest Gray color looks slick, and the folding design is solid.

 If you're looking for audiophile sound quality or hate the idea of juggling apps, the ULT WEAR might not hit the mark, but these are perfect for long commutes or workdays when you really want to zone out and forget the world exists.
Hi Farns,Thanks for sharing your review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the noise canceling function, battery life, design, comfort, and touch controls of the headphones. Your feedback about the ULT function, Sony app, voice guidance, and multipoint function of the headphones is greatly appreciated.The ULT function can be adjusted depending on your needs:ULT1: This setting emphasizes the deep bass range over other sounds.ULT2: This setting emphasizes powerful sound more than ULT1.OFF: Turns off the ULT button setting.Aside from the ULT button, you can also use the equalizer function of the Sony app to fine-tune the sound quality to your needs.For more information, please refer to these links:https://helpguide.sony.net/mdr/2981/v1/en/contents/TP1001375636.htmlhttps://helpguide.sony.net/mdr/2981/v1/en/contents/TP1001293788.htmlThis information may help you regarding the multipoint function:-When playing music by operating the headset, the music is played from the device that played last. If you want to play music from the other device, stop playback on the device that is playing the music, and start playback by operating the other device.-Even if you start playback by operating the second device while playing music on the first device, the music from the first device will continue to be heard via the headset. In this state, if you stop playback on the first device, you can listen to music from the second device via the headset.Hope this helps. In case you need further assistance, please email us at socialsupport@am.sony.com with the following details:Name:Username:Model Number:Issue:Telephone Number:Or contact our product support team via phone call or chat through this link:https://us.esupport.sony.com/support/s/support-contact?language=en_US&category=headphonesSincerely,-Ralph
I've been using these Sony ULT WEAR headphones for the past week and although I was initially put off by the feel and sound of these headphones, they've since grown on me after figuring out all the little details / things you can do when paired with the Sony Headphones app. I am going to say that it is an absolute must download so that you can fully experience and enjoy these headphones. Sony provides a QR code on the manual to find the app, but you can also search for it in the iOS and Android stores. 

Build Quality - These headphones are really lightweight for their size. The plastics used have this non textured / smooth feel that I'm not really used to headphones having. So they kind of tricked my brain into thinking they feel cheap. But after a week of use, I can honestly say that these headphones are quite touch and the build material is excellent. The headband and earcups are strong and do not creak when you flex them to put them on your head or when moving a cup out of the way to hear something or someone. Which while Im on that subject, these headphones have a cool feature where all you have to do is place your hand over the right ear cup and it will automatically lower the volume of your music or media very low so that you can hear your surroundings. 
The headphones have three buttons. Power on /off , ANC/Ambient which toggles noise canceling on and off. and ULT. The ULT button toggles through 3 different presets which to my ears boost bass from almost flat to thump thump on your ears. There is also a 3.5mm headphone jack for connecting the included wire to your devices. I am happy to report that with the included aux cable, you do not have to turn on the headphones for them to work with the cable. So they work passively! but you will not get any of the software features while using them with this method. 

Sound Quality - My first thoughts out of the box when I paired them to my phone and started listening to music were something along the lines of Yuuck. They sounded quite muddy and the bass / mids drowned out everything else. But like I said earlier.. downloading the Sony headphones app is an absolute must to use these headphones. It will allow you to customize the EQ to your liking, and it does it quite easily. It will let you tap through various settings and tune it to what you like. It was honestly the coolest and most intuitive equalizer tuning I've experience so far. After setting up the EQ and presets to my preferences , these headphones sound soooo much better and they've grown on me for the past week. Are they the best headphones I've ever heard? No. but the ability to easily and quickly tweak the EQ makes them fun and a joy to use. It's very hard to find 1 pair of headphones that will be perfect for every music genre, movie, podcast listening experience. So being able to tune my listening experience on the fly makes these quite enjoyable. They are very comfortable for extended use, lightweight, and battery life is amazing! Even after a week of casual use, the headphones still show 85% battery remaining. 

So would I recommend these headphones? I'm going to say Yes. But only if you're willing to download that app and set them up properly. If you don't want to bother with all of that, then perhaps look at something else.
Hi Ponskippa,Thanks for sharing your review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the design, Quick Attention Mode, controls, supplied headphone cable, comfort, and battery life of the headphones. It's also great to hear that you were able to set up the sound quality to your needs by using the Sony Headphones Connect app. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
This the second  Sony headphones I have and this really beats the sound from my old ones. I’m amazed with the powerful Cristal sound quality using the ULT system, I really enjoy this feature on my headphones, just click on the side of the headphones ULT and you can get ultra bass sound on any song you love and with the great noise cancellation that this headphones provides, you can only hear your music and nothing else, I used this headphones while using my lawnmower on my yard and I definitely couldn’t even hear the noise from the lawnmower, that’s just great for me. Even though this headphones are a little bulky, they sure are super comfortable on your ears, and with the help of the Music apps it analyzes your ears for the 360 live experience app and the Sony app, this helps you get the best sound quality. This headphones includes a swivel designs that folds into the included case comes very handy and best suited for traveling or putting them in your  gym bag. Other great feature that this headphones have is the battery life, very outstanding battery performance that could last up to 30 hrs, I used this headphones for at least 4/5 hours and it was still on 80% charge, very impressive. On the right side of the headphones you get touch sensor control panel that help you control the volume or play and pause your music with just a tap. The app has a lot of features that helps you set up your headphones the way you want to use them like analyze your ears for best quality sound, keep track of your music and battery life and also detects if you’re seat down or walking with the headphones, also you get free trial of 360 live app, which the 360 live app could use some more updates. The multipoint connection could use a little better upgrade but I’m not really in need of this feature since I only use this headphones with my iPhone. Great headphones ! Recommended.
Hi Santy41,Amazing! We're thrilled that you like the sound quality, ULT button, noise canceling function, comfort, design, battery life, touch controls, and dedicated app of the headphones. Your feedback about the size and multipoint function is greatly appreciated. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
Great
Ample bass for bass heads
Quick access to drop the bass when not in the mood
Customizable EQ
Includes EQ profiles 
Comfortable
Good ANC
Good microphone
Includes case
Long battery life
Multipoint Bluetooth (2 devices)
On ear detection for automatically pausing music
Spatial audio support

Not so great
Ambient mode makes your voice resonate
Sound profile not as good for acoustic or rock
Find my equalizer wizard profiles all add bass
No USB-C audio 

The Sony Ult Wear is the successor to the outgoing WH-X910N. Targeted at those who love more bass there is now a dedicated Ult button which offers two levels of bass boost. The overall look and feel are like other Sony over the ear headphones. Included in the box is a case, stereo jack, and USB-C cable. While they don’t feel as solid as premium headphones with more metal and plush materials they do feel well built.

Setup 8/10
You can use them as is, but you are better off installing the app to tune them to your specific preference. As part of the setup, you have options to find the best EQ for you. It works ok, the range of options is limited. It only has options to add more bass and nothing to brighten up the sound for those who prefer to have livelier vocals. Thankfully if you skip that option, you can find EQ presets like bright or mellow. If you need further tuning, you manually adjust a 5-band equalizer. There are also spatial audio options where you can have it take pictures of your ears to adjust automatically to optimize spatial audio for you. However, it requires a subscription to one of five supported streaming services. You also have options for Bluetooth audio to prioritize stability or sound quality. An audio upscaling option called DSEE is available as well to attempt to enhance the quality of low-quality audio. If you want to forgo Bluetooth compression you can use them hardwired via a stereo jack, but there is no option for USB-C audio for newer devices.

Comfort 9/10
For mid-tier headphones the design is very comfortable. The clamping pressure is slightly higher than preferred but not to the point of uncomfortable. The size adjustment is via click adjustments in the band that have a slightly cheap feeling. The earcups are large and should accommodate most ears with lots of cushion. While the earcups don’t feel like they breathe they haven’t caused heat buildup like some headphones can. The top band of the headphones rests directly on your head, unlike some that suspend the headband cushion separately. That said, it has enough cushion to where extended sessions haven’t felt uncomfortable.

Controls 10/10
Sony’s design for headphone controls is likely some of the easiest to use on the market. Controls for power, ULT, and ANC are left as physical buttons, so you don’t have to worry about accidentally changing them or having too many gestures to remember. Controls for track, volume, and conversation are done via gestures to make access quick without needing to see or feel anything. Play and pause is a double tap on the right earcup, changing tracks is a forward or backwards swipe, and an up or down swipe changes volume. If you need to talk to someone for a moment you can just hold your hand over the right earcup, and the volume lowers and ambient mode activates. When done you remove your hand, and everything continues where you had it set. They also have detection for if you are wearing them so you can simply take them off your head and they pause. A little while after that without use they turn off not requiring you to do or remember anything. Control choices are thoughtful and make controlling the headphones natural.

Sound Quality 9/10
Out of the box the headphones have a sound like older Sony headphones from the early 2000s with a darker tone to highs and the bass emphasized. The Ult Wear can work for acoustic and rock with some tuning, but the soundstage will remain shallow. There is no mistaking these are designed for bass heads. If you like electronic, dance, or hip hop you are likely going to be very happy. It’s hard to imagine anyone saying they need more bass. On the default setting the bass is only slightly elevated from neutral. Ult 1 setting can be activated with a single press of the ULT button. This level is likely good for most who love some extra bass. Ult 2 is where it gets into extreme categories. With the right song ULT 2 feels like it is trying to vibrate your skull and makes your ears vibrate. The bass hits hard when needed or smooth and clean with no hint of distortion. If that still isn’t enough bass for you there is a bass boost EQ present. That wasn’t tried as it already felt like keeping it on level 2 for very long was going to result in hearing loss. If your EQ preference changes with mood these have a pretty wide range. No surprise they can’t reach the fidelity and more neutral sound of high-end headphones, but they have a pretty wide range of adjustment while offering far more bass than high end headphones can.

ANC 10/10
Active noise cancelling has been improved a lot over the last few years and Sony. The noise cancelling on the Ult Wear does a great job of cancelling out distracting sounds regardless of if you are trying to relax or get work done. You can sit right net a noisy fan and just hear a low hum. Turn some music on even at a low volume and the noise fades away completely. It even reduces the volume of speech. If you need to get work done in a noise environment, even with people talking, it does a great job of eliminating most and reducing the rest to allow your music to take over without needing to turn the volume up to uncomfortable levels.

Microphone 7/10
The Microphone is probably the weakest area of the Ult Wear. They filter out some background noise but if you talk to someone in a noisy environment they will hear some background noise. The microphones are also used in ambient mode, and it can be set to have your voice played back so speech sounds more natural. The most natural setting is to set voice feedback volume to maximum. It prevents the sound of your voice resonating while allowing more background noises around to be played back as well. Your voice will sill be a bit distance and hollow but thankfully it won’t be resonating in your head like some ambient solutions.

Final Thoughts
The Sony Ult Wear headphones are a solid mid-tier bass forward set of headphones. Sony could make them better with some minor tweaking to the default EQ profile and the find EQ wizard, but the rest is solid. If you are a bass head, even part time, and are in the market for mid-tier headphones with good range then Sony Ult Wear headphones are a solid offering.
Hi CraigB,Thanks for sharing your in-depth review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the sound quality, comfort, noise canceling function, carrying case, battery life, multipoint function, and 360 Reality Audio of the headphones. Your feedback about the call quality, equalizer settings, and USB-C audio is greatly appreciated. For optimum performance, make sure that the software version of the headphones is up-to-date (via the Sony Headphones Connect app).Your voice will be heard from the headset through the headset’s microphone (Sidetone function). In this case, ambient sounds or the sounds of the headset operation may be heard through the headset, but this is not a malfunction.Hope this helps. In case you need further assistance, please email us at socialsupport@am.sony.com with the following details:Name:Username:Model Number:Issue:Telephone Number:Or contact our product support team via phone call or chat through this link:https://us.esupport.sony.com/support/s/support-contact?language=en_US&category=headphonesThank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
The Sony ULT Wear headphones offer a blend of features that cater to different preferences. I purchased the Sony Ult Wear a few weeks ago and this has been my experience with them:

1. Sound Quality and Bass:
   - If you're a bass enthusiast, the ULT Wear won't disappoint. These headphones deliver powerful bass, which is great for music genres that thrive on low frequencies.
   - However, some users find the bass to be overly emphasized, so it's essential to consider your personal taste.

2. Soundstage:
   - The soundstage of the ULT Wear headphones is impressive. You'll experience a wide and immersive audio environment, making your music feel more spacious and dynamic.

3. Noise Cancelling:
   - The noise cancellation on these headphones is top-tier. It effectively blocks out ambient sounds, allowing you to focus on your music or podcasts without distractions.
   - Whether you're commuting, working in a noisy environment, working out or just taking a walk, the ULT Wear has you covered.

4. Design and Comfort:
   - The ULT Wear headphones have an understated look, with matte plastic ear cups and a holographic-shiny foil logo.
   - The ear pads are wide and accommodate various ear shapes, ensuring comfort during extended listening sessions.
   - However, the faux leather padding can trap heat, so be mindful of that.

5. Price Point:
   - The most surprising aspect is the price. At only $199, the ULT Wear headphones offer excellent value for the features they provide.
   - Sony's reputation for quality audio products holds true here.

Remember that personal preferences play a significant role in headphone selection. If you prioritize bass and noise cancellation, the Sony ULT Wear Wireless Noise Cancelling headphones are worth considering.
Hi CaliBuckeye,Thanks for sharing your in-depth review and experience with the ULT WEAR headphones. We're glad that you like the sound quality, noise canceling function, and design of the headphones. Your feedback about the earpads is greatly appreciated. Thank you for choosing Sony!-Ralph
