Sonos has been known for making some really incredible home audio speakers, their take on the Bluetooth speaker world is also quite remarkable with their Sonos move and their roam so their take on headphones is a huge welcome to me. At first impression their design on the headphones is remarkable, they’re incredibly light weight and comfortable for hours of usage. The plushy leather band sits on the head well and the ear cups are great for not generating ear fatigue or sweat. The stainless steel rod feels great for adjustment doesn’t feel cheap and it’s a great choice to allow users with multiple head shapes and sizes. The logo on the side is subtle enough to not notice from a far but proud enough to know who and what it is. The Included carrying case is great for travel it’s quite thin making it fit in my bag with my PlayStation portal and some extra clothes perfect. Sonos also offers a tiny little case for extra cables for either charging or lined in audio that fits inside the carrying case of the headphones magnetically. The headphones themselves are quite simple with controls which is great for getting what you need access to, your left ear cup provides a power button, usb c connector  for charging/lined in audio and a light indicator to show Bluetooth connection, your right ear cup provides your noise cancellation and transparency mode button, above that button you have what may be one of my favorite takes on volume controls for a headphones, you have a volume slider, adjusting the volume up or down gives a click through the headphone to indict the action but after releasing the mechanism it returns back to a center position, it’s a simple switch but makes the experience feel responsive and elegant. The design of these headphones is what I would expect from Sonos, it’s elegant and efficient I would say for its price you barely recognize that it using a plastic housing because it’s plastic doesn’t feel cheap, no creaks or squeaks when picking up or adjusting the headset. Coming from the brand I do expect great audio quality especially being an owner of their Sonos beam gen 2 and Sonos move, their noise cancellation are strong and what’s great about that is they aren’t strong with pressure. The noise cancellation is one of the best I’ve used and there is a great feedback to let you know you’ve entered and exited noise cancellation. Transparency mode is clear and at times feels as if you aren’t wearing headphones it’s very clear with voices. My own voice however when in transparency mode doesn’t feel robot. I can definitely tell my own voice is coming through a microphone. Actual sound quality of the headphones is quite great, voices like Lauryn hill, phill Collin’s, bob Marley sound incredible they support mid sections incredibly well I honestly think that’s where they shine. The highs are pretty well done, bands like Red Hot Chili Peppers, rage against the machine and Metallica have some great guitar solos where I felt I could really let the headphones show their capability and I wasn’t dissatisfied. Their lows are quite good filling the space with some deep bass and heavy drums. Overall the Sonos headphones are a wonderful pair of headphones I would highly consider for my daily wear. My only gripe with these headphones is its price. I think it’s an excellent headset, had they been $50 or $100 less I would pick them up and never let them go
Waited a few months until after release and for the first sale before purchasing. The funny thing is the updated Sonos App was working pretty good until I added the headphones, then the crashing issues started! I have the Arc at home and Ray at our lake home. I take the headphones in between and simply hit the button to move sound to the headphones. Would be 5 stars without the App issues.
Pros:

1. Superior Active Noise Cancellation (ANC):
The standout feature of the Sonos Ace headphones is undoubtedly the Active Noise Cancellation (ANC). The ANC performance is top-notch, effectively drowning out ambient noise and creating an immersive listening experience. Whether you’re in a busy office, on a noisy commute, or simply trying to enjoy some quiet time at home, the ANC does an excellent job of keeping distractions at bay. Compared to other headphones in this price range, the Sonos Ace holds its ground remarkably well.

2. Sound Quality:
The sound quality is another high point. The audio is crisp, with a balanced mix of bass, mids, and highs. Music genres from classical to rock sound fantastic, and podcasts and audiobooks are clear and easy to listen to. The headphones handle both high and low volumes without distortion, making them versatile for different listening preferences.

3. Comfort and Build:
The Sonos Ace headphones are lightweight yet sturdy, crafted with high-quality materials that feel durable. The ear cups are well-padded and comfortable, even for extended listening sessions. The adjustable headband ensures a snug fit without being too tight, which is perfect for long-term wear.

4. Aware Mode:
The Aware Mode (Sonos’ version of transparency mode) is another highlight. It seamlessly blends external sounds with your audio, making it easy to stay aware of your surroundings without removing the headphones. This feature is particularly useful when you need to have quick conversations or be alert in busy environments.

Cons:

1. Initial Charging Issues:
One frustrating aspect I encountered was the difficulty in getting the headphones to charge initially. Despite following the instructions, the headphones didn’t seem to charge properly the first few times. After some troubleshooting and trying different cables and outlets, the issue eventually resolved itself, but it was an inconvenient start. This could be a potential deal-breaker for those who expect a hassle-free setup out of the box.

2. Price:
While the Sonos Ace headphones offer great features and performance, they come with a premium price tag. For some, this might be a significant investment, especially when there are other competitive options available at lower price points.

Final Verdict

The Sonos Ace headphones excel in delivering high-quality sound and exceptional ANC, making them a great choice for audiophiles and frequent travelers. However, the initial charging issues can be a bit of a setback. If you’re willing to overlook this minor inconvenience, the Sonos Ace headphones are a solid investment for anyone seeking a premium audio experience.
The hype of these headphones prior to launch was unknown to me. I’m aware of their speakers for home & entertainment. Era 100 & 300 got me into the Sonos brand. When notified by Sonos of their Ace, I preordered. 
Initially I was expecting a lot considering the price point. But after a few days of ownership I can say it’s a solid debut. The sound signature did take some getting used too without messing with the simple EQ avail (Bass, Treble, and Fade) The bass is apparent but not overwhelming and Treble is crystal clear but not ear piercing. With the likes of Bose QC Ultra for comparison; those seem more bright in signature. Sonos Ace has a more darker tone & balanced signature. I thought it was lacking personality initially, but after putting in more listening time, it’s definitely Sonos sound but in your ears. I don’t own an Arc soundbar to test its sound swap feature; that’s the one thing it has over its competitors. The look of the Ace is Sonos. Very simply & minimalistic. If AirPods Max & XM5’s had a child, this would be it. The carrying case is also well constructed with recycled materials. Plus despite weighing a few grams more than Sony’s & Bose top tier offering; these feel remarkably light & comfortable to wear. It’s not an exaggeration. The ear cups are held by strong magnets. If those need replacements down the line, that option is available to you. Overall satisfied with these headphones. Can improvement be made for a version 2? Yes. Wish it had WiFi support like it’s other products. But what is presented is a wonderful pair of premium headphones.
SONOS ACE wireless headphones are exactly what you'd expect from the tech-forward, quality-focused company. Sound quality is crisp, clear, and full of nuanced audio notes that I never noticed when listening to other speakers or headphones. The comfort level of these headphones around the ears and on the head resemble a soft, comfortable cooling pillow feel -- able to be worn for hours without discomfort. 

Pros: Adjustable frame, ultra fast charging, long battery life, easy to connect Bluetooth, flawless wired audio option, and bonus ability to connect into SONOS smartphone app make this a very desirable audiophile experience.

Con: if you're a current SONOS owner and use their other Wi-Fi based audio products, these headphones do NOT use the Wi-Fi technology leveraged by other SONOS devices. Additionally, SONOS has a product development roadmap that includes future features for the ACE -- such as seamless audio switching from some TVs using SONOS sound bars -- but those features are not fully available as of 08/2024.
The Aces are light while still feeling solidly built, have a smooth but appropriately firm sliding hinge for headband fit, have easily removable ...
Pros  Easy to wear for hours without discomfort ⋅ Very comfortable you can hear every instrument and sound clearly bass and treble controllable with the App
These headphones were a nice surprise and a bit of a letdown at the same time. Without Wavelet my go to custom EQ app these wouldnt even make my top 5. The Sonos app has been buchered as im sure all you Sonos fans are aware and these werent spared that fate. The lack of bass doesnt just negatively affect songs it affects movies too missing that key depth of sound. Dont get me wrong tho despite these shortcomings things got better. With a little EQ magic these actually sound really good. Still not nearly as much bass as I and many may personly prefer but mids and highs are really solid. Speaking of solid the build quality and material used in these are only second to the Airpods Max and so much lighter. If Sonos would fix their awful app, give these things a proper EQ and find a way to get some actual bass, these things would be the best on the market. So much potential... too bad.
These are great headphones! The ANC works well, Bluetooth switching between devices is super easy, and they look great. I do wish the bass was a little bit louder but I adjusted that in the Sonos apps.
Love these headphones, the sound is amazing, easy integration with Apple devices, much lighter than the Apple AirPods Max with better battery life.
Sonos has made a name for themselves as being a premiere speaker provider with their excellent line of speakers, soundbars, subwoofers, and more. However, they have notably never had any sort of headphones - until now of course. The Sonos Ace have been anticipated and my experience so far has not been disappointing!

PROS:
- Immediately I was impressed with the design of these! They look so modern yet sleek and slim. They have a nice premium feel to them, and I love the removable cups as well.
- Setup is largely a breeze. They work via Bluetooth and you simply use the Sonos app to set them up (or you can just connect them via Bluetooth) and you are ready to go! The Sonos apps comes with some EQ settings and others to tweak if you want to.
- The sound quality is superb! I found the bass to be very impactful, the vocals to be crisp, and overall felt like a concert on my ears. 
- The noise cancellation is also very impressive. It does a great job drowning out the background noise to let you focus in, but with a click of a button you can switch to aware mode to hear everything around you which is a really nice feature.
- Speaking of the buttons, I surprisingly loved the physical button controls! You see a lot more touch controls in headphones but I found the way Sonos made their buttons as very easy to use, there is no room for error, and its simple enough where it does not feel like you have so many buttons to push.
- Also with buttons comes another cool feature, the soundbar switch. Once you set it up with your Sonos Arc, you just long press the silver play button and it will automatically switch whatever you have playing on your Arc soundbar to your Ace headphones. It really helps tie in your whole Sonos system together and makes for a useful feature when you are watching something on TV and do not want to wake anyone or maybe you just want a surround experience.
- The Aces also have head tracking which allows for some really fun Dolby Atmos viewing or even listening without the soundbar.
- Lastly, I love how fast they charge and how easily they charge. Everything is done via USB-C and can even hardwire into your phone/laptop via a USB-C jack which they include.

CONS:
- At the time of this writing, Sonos just released a new app for their speakers and headphones that replaced the old app they had. It’s been met with some criticism but I largely have liked the new app. However, when it comes to the headphones it does feel that they are still building the app to catch up with the hardware they have now. I have faith Sonos will remedy this, but just be aware the app experience can be inconsistent.
- Speaking of which, one of the best features of the Sonos speakers system is you can pick and chose which speakers play music at a certain time. As in you could have 5 speakers play the same music at the same time if you so wanted! But the headphones are left out of this cool feature meaning you can not group the same music on your kitchen speakers and headphone at the same time if you wanted to.


BOTTOM LINE:
- In a world full of competing high end headphones, the Sonos Ace stand out. They look amazing, sound amazing, have very useful buttons for ease of use, and the soundbar to headphones switch is super easy to use and convenient! It’s also hard pressed to find all the high end features this comes with and this price point - Sonos made a hit through and through!
Thank you for sharing your detailed review of the Sonos Ace headphones! We're thrilled to hear about your positive experience with our first foray into headphones. Your feedback is invaluable, and we're glad to see that you found so many aspects of the Ace to your liking. Your positive review reaffirms our commitment to delivering high-quality audio products. We're delighted that the Sonos Ace stands out in the competitive market and meets your expectations in terms of design, sound, and functionality.
When I had first heard Sonos was coming out with an over the ear headphone, I was excited. I have several Sonos products in my home, and they are amazing, so I had high hopes and expectations for the Ace headphones. I had gone into test them and listen in comparison to the Air Pods Max headphones, and they did not disappoint. Esthetically, they have a simple, sleek and slimming design which to the eye, feels like a quality product. They are light and comfortable to wear for long periods of time and the button placement and functionality makes them easy to use via tactile operation. The clarity & warmth of sound along with the depth of the base is what you would expect as Sonos does this well across all their products. Their ANC and transparency work great and does a great job especially in different environments and situations. Connecting them to Bluetooth was seamless which I was worried about given at launch there was challenges noted on the forums with this. The battery life is true to what is stated. I had used them on and off over several days and they still carried charge. Lastly, in comparison to the Air Pods Max which I also like, the price point makes them more attractive without compromising quality. If you are looking for an over the ear headphone, I would highly recommend giving these a try. You will not be disappointed.
Finally Sonos entered the headphones race! I was waiting for them to do so for a while now and i am happy they did it.
 *The Price it is a little high i would say for this great but not perfect set of headphones. They missed a great opportunity to make a difference on this audio/headphones race and wished they came with something new the competition doesn't offer.
 *Design is great and i do love the fact that they used physical buttons for commends! I also apreciate the dual color of the earpieces i think it is a smart move, it makes it easier/more intuitive to put them on right/faster. Also light weight and very comfortable!
 *App works fine and i do recommend adjusting a little the EQ, try the audio track head movement. I wish here the EQ would be a little more complex with more settings. 
 *Noise canceling it is amazing. One of the best if not the best i ever tried so far, even the other mode Aware it really works and makes it possible having a conversation without having to remove your headphones to do so!
 It's a very good pair of headphones with a nice good quality sound and feel to it! There is some improvements that can be done to the app and maybe add wifi connectivity even though that might affect de battery life which currently is good.
I’m going to start this review by saying these headphones have amazing sound quality, excellent build quality and great comfort. They have become my favorite wireless headphones and I have a lot of headphones.

Sound QUALITY – First thing I want to say is that these headphones have amazing sound quality. The clarity of the music and the well rounded highs, mids, and bass is unlike anything I have experienced from other top contenders. I listen to a wide range of music genres and they sound great with everything I listen to. Honestly I don’t think my other headphones will be used anymore.

Build Quality – These headphones are built solid, but at the same time they are light weight. Other headphones are either solid metal and heavy or plastic and cheap feeling. The SONOS ACE have a mix of plastics and metal but they have managed to give them solid build quality while keeping the weight down which leads to extreme comfort.
Comfort – Speaking of comfort, these headphones are super comfy. They have really soft padding on the headband and on the earcups. Wearing these for long hours I have only noticed a slight heat up of my ears, but its nothing that I would consider a downside or affecting the overall comfort. The earcups are also removable with magnets securing them to the headphones, so if needed they are very easy to clean and replace.

Active Noise Cancellation – So I have two other headphones that I would say have the best noise-canceling on the market, until now. I ride the train on a daily basis and it can be a very loud environment. I have tested the SONOS ACE against two of the top market leaders and they absolutely do a better job than both of those. I honestly didn’t think they would but they are superb. When they say world class noise cancelling, they are telling the truth. As of today they noise cancelling is stellar.

TV Audio Swap – This is the area where things get a little complicated. SONOS has marketed these headphones as a home theatre headset when connected to one of their soundbars. I have both the ARC and the BEAM Gen2 and using the TV Audio Swap feature is very easy to do, by long pressing the multi-function button the audio playing from your TV instantly transfers to the headphones. This feature works as it should and I believe is really nice. However, due to the wide range of streaming APPS I have found there is an issue with the volume output of content depending on what you are watching. I have notified SONOS about this and they promised to fix this with a software update before the headphones launched. There was an update on June 4th, but the change in output volume sadly was only an incremental change. I believe that with more feedback from consumers SONOS will figure this out, but as of today I don’t think its completely there yet. Don’t get me wrong, the audio is still usable and depending on the format of the content you are watching you could get good volume output, but its not consistent and because of that more headroom of the volume output is needed to make up for these inconsistencies. I would say right now if you are buying these for the TV Audio Swap feature, you might find it under-whelming. I only hope SONOS will listen to its fans and figure this out.

Hardware – The button layout on the SONOS ACE is very well laced out. There is a Content Key Button which serves as a multi-function button. You can adjust the volume of the headphones, play/pause content, answer or end a call and long press for the TV Audio Swap from a supported soundbar. In my testing I can say the button is very easy and accurate to use and have found no issues with the function or placement of this button. There are two other buttons on the ACE. There is a power/pair button on the left ear up and under the content button on the right ear up is a noise cancel/aware mode button. 

Aware Mode – This is a feature that everyone does a little different. SONOS has defiantly done a good job here. When using the Aware Mode, You can hear everything around you and most important it sounds very natural. It doesn’t sound like your listening to the surrounding environment through microphones, which is exactly how this feature works. I have had conversations with coworkers and family members with no issue. They have nailed this feature as well.

If you have made it this far into the review, congratulations!! You have made it to the end and I will leave you with this, If you are a SONOS fan and are looking for an amazing sounding pair of wireless headphones, then I highly recommend you give these a try. I honestly believe right now it will be hard to find better. If you want them solely or largely for the TV Audio Swap feature, be prepared to feel underwhelmed as of today, but I hope they sort this out soon.
I have had these since their release so have had a while to review them.  

Sound: These sound quite good.  Some of the reviews had mentioned issues all over the place on sound dead, uninspired, etc.   I am not a total audiophile, but I know when something sounds decent and these do for music, You Tube and podcasts.  I mean are they top notch wired ones, no but that is not really the point of them either.  4.5/5

ANC:  Quite good.  It's a smidge below Bose, but not much.  I find the ANC to be quite good and pretty natural.  I will say thought that there are a few times where there is a feeling of having some pressure in my ears.  It doesn't happen often so I have written it off to my sinuses, but something to consider.  But overall quite good.  4.5/5

Comfort: This is where these really shine they are super comfy.  I value comfort more than most items as finding a good fit for headphones is hard for my head.  They have the oh so right clamping force and feel natural, the pads themselves are quite good and don't get overly warm.  I can fall asleep on a chair with these on for several hours and that is something as I rarely can do that.  5/5 

Connectivity / Controls:  They connect and can connect to multiple items.  Trying to do the bluetooth pairing is a little clunky but not horrid. Apple spoiled us with their auto pairing so it's not the end of the world to do but not just push and go either.  They stay connected and have had no BT issues.  4/5 

Overall:  Quite a compelling offering, especially if you can find a sale that they have starting having recently.  They are comfy, sound quite good, and have great ANC.  It's sort of the goldilocks in that they do everything quite well and it adds up to a great overall offering.
The sonos aces are built very well and look amazing. They also have very good anc that is just slightly behind sony and bose. They are by far the most comfortable headphones I have ever used. The aces are almost perfect in every way but sadly the sound quality is just ok. The bass is muddy and the mids are uneven leading to vocals sometimes being too quiet, the treble can sometimes be harsh because somewhere their is a bump around 4k hertz that is bad. This could have been improved if sonos at least had a three band eq at launch but instead we got only bass and treble sliders that dont fix the problem areas. Sonos need to release an update fixing the eq or give us a five band eq like the Sony's. It is baffling that a sound company misses this bad when it comes to sound but somehow perfected everything else.
It sounds like you've had a comprehensive experience with the Sonos Ace headphones, appreciating their build quality, design, and ANC performance. Thanks for sharing your detailed review and keep up to date on all upcoming updates to Ace via our website!
Overall, I’m giving the Sonos Ace a solid, positive review. I’m a general consumer and slight audiophile. I own a pair of AirPods Max already and was really curious about the Sonos Ace, given the APM are technically outdated (rumored to be refreshed soon). I am genuinely going to keep the Sonos Ace. I went on a long haul, international flight with them and have done some general listening etc. with the Ace as well. I don’t own anything else of Sonos nor have ever tried anything else. I am in the Apple Ecosystem. Spatial Audio with the head tracking is actually pretty cool in comparison to APM, I think they did a fair job there. Noise cancellation, for me, is on par with APM. It was really good. The sound quality is great, it doesn’t have as open of a sound stage as APM and a bit less bass, this set of headphones is very well rounded/balanced, and the comfortability is very well done— has that snug fit like APM but doesn’t give the same fatigue like the APM, I assume because it weighs less and the build is a bit different. Ears didn’t feel hot either, just a bit warm. I was able to comfortably wear the Ace’s for 10 hours straight (note a little bit of fatigue but that’s natural for that long listening time), the battery lasted the flight there and back, plus the bit of time initially on the road. I had charged it to 100% and didn’t charge it at all again until after my trip. Two things to note, the Sonos gave me a little bit of an issue with the on ear/off ear detection (resuming audio after putting them back on). The other thing is that you cannot use them as wired headphones unless they are turned on. All in all, I think Sonos did a good job with their first pair of headphones. Would recommend only if 1) you have the money to comfortably spend and 2) you don’t have APM or have serious issue with APM after owning a pair. At the moment, I think the Ace is a bit above the APM given they have not been refreshed yet.
Thank you for sharing your detailed review of the Sonos Ace headphones. It's great to hear that you found them to be a solid option. Your review provides valuable insight and we thank you for your thoughtful feedback!
I have a whole Sonos setup and really love it. Sometimes I wake up early and want to watch tv. So I bought these to not disturb anyone. Really great set. Sounds like surround sound through headphones. I bought these as an open box item through BB. Came in perfect condition.
I own the Airpods Max and B&W Px8s. The Sonos Ace is really giving the Max a run for its money, and the value compared to the Px8s is just short of miraculous what Sonos were able to get away with.

If you're looking for transparency (ie, awareness) then nothing comes close to the Airpods Max. Apple simply just does this better than any headset I've owned or tested. I still wouldn't recommend the max though (see below).

ANC on the Sonos Ace is comparable to the Max. I really couldn't tell the difference to be honest. I don't own a set of Bose so I'm not even going to go there (I'm sure you'll find plenty of reviews stating that's the gold standard for ANC etc.)

The sound on these are really good. I'm no audiophile, but these are just as good as the Max in my opinion.

Weight and comfort, the Sonos Ace are lighter than the Max and on par with the Px8s. They're very comfortable and I've worn these for very long sessions without any fatigue.

What about the Px8s you ask? Save your money and pick between Sony, Bose, or Sonos if ANC, transparency, sound and mic quality is important to you. The Px8s are overhyped and in hindsight I've begun to question their reviews. And frankly having owned the Px8s for over a year, the headband is starting to fall apart. The sound, ANC, mic, and quality is nothing to write about. Their app software is a mess which probably explains why I was never able to get the headphones updated (after awhile I just stopped trying).

Get these if you're in the market for a new pair of headphones, and have the means to splurge. The Sonos Ace is my new daily driver.

Avoid the Max at all costs. Apple refuses to acknowledge condensation buildup in the earcups is a problem which causes a loud static sound in your ears. You'd think their design team would have figured out that metal surfaces tend to cool quickly and attract condensation. Their design team forgot that people sweat, or that some use headphones for long sessions. Their solution? Take off the earcups and wipe down the condensation buildup (which means you're always constantly checking every 1-2 hours to see if it's time to wipe them down again). If headphones are your goto for long audio sessions, then the Max ain't it.
Excellent fit, very good design and materials used, plus they're comfortable enough to wear for a long time. Sound quality is very good and "Aware Mode" is much better than I expected. ANC a very good performer as well. I only wish the price was about $100 cheaper. 

Lose a star because the initial app setup was a pain to deal with and it took me several attempts to configure it. Other than that no complaints so far.
PROS: 
premium feeling
lightweight and comfortable 
physical buttons
beautiful case in the box (all $300+ headphones should have a case, but sadly they don't)

CONS:
lacks a signature sound (too neutral with no punch)
doesn't work with all Sonos soundbars 
doesn't function fully with Android devices (the Arc switch)
relies too much on Apple's influence 
no audio over wifi (a feature we all wanted)
price 
doesn't work wired without battery turned on


Sonos has been my go-to for audio speakers for quite some time now. I purchased a pair of the original Play 1s in 2014, less than a year after they debuted. Since then, I've gotten nine additional speakers from them to use all around the house and outside the home (Sonos Move and Sonos Roam). I've had very few negative experiences with owning them throughout those years.   

Despite minor hiccups with internet-dependent devices, my experience with Sonos products has been premium. The recent app update may have sparked some debate among Sonos owners, but it hasn't affected the seamless integration of the new Sonos Ace headphones. These headphones, which connect effortlessly via Bluetooth to any device and through a user-friendly app, have been a breeze to use. I was able to add them to my collection using my Android app, even with my wife's iOS device nearby.    

According to Sonos, headphones have long been the most requested product. They've been in the lab for years, developing what they believe is one of the best ANC headphones on the market. When unboxing them, you will soon see they are another premium device that shows how much care the company puts into quality. These are incredibly lightweight yet feel premium in every single way. From the physical buttons to the steel adjustable headband, these headphones feel and look like a Sonos product. You can tell the Apple Airpod Max inspired them - which makes sense because Sonos has always felt like an Apple device. 

Owning an Apple device enhances your experience with Sonos. For example, an iOS device can use Trueplay (an advanced auto-tuning tool for your speakers), yet an Android device cannot. And even though the Android Sonos app has improved much over the years, the iOS app has always been more fluid and trouble-free. As far as these Ace headphones go, owning an iOS device is required to use the function of changing from Bluetooth audio to listening through your Sonos Arc. Currently, this is the only soundbar available to listen to TV audio. The beam will be available later, which is nice to know. As an Android user, Sonos chose to prioritize Apple in this regard, and I can't help but feel slighted by that. Especially considering Apple is their biggest competitor in this headphone space.   It makes sense to prioritize Android for the Ace because Apple users have the Airpod Max available, which works seamlessly with Apple devices. Sonos wants to be known as either a product for all or just for iOS users. Having some features available on one platform and not the other doesn't make sense. 

Thankfully, in my case, my wife's work phone is an iPhone, and I could test the "button" to switch from music to TV audio through our Arc. The audio switching works well. It's reasonably seamless and doesn't have trouble with lagging after the button is pressed. This is causing many Sonos users to use the Arc. I do wish, however, that it worked for ALL products before launch - when I hear the words "it's coming..." it makes me feel like the product is in a beta phase. 

What about the sound? That's the number one crucial feature for me. I'm a headphone lover. I own more than ten different over-the-ear headphones. Each has a distinct sound stage and signature, yet I have my favorites to listen to regularly. For reference, I'll list some of my own: Blue Ellas, Mark Levinson no.5909, Bowers & Wilkins PX8, and PX7s. The Mark Levinson's, for example, retails for $1000, so comparing them with Ace's may be unfair. On the other hand, each of these sets of cans has a distinct sound signature that differentiates them from one another, and that is where the Sonos Ace lacks, in my opinion.

The sound is very balanced and crisp but lacks much bass or soundstage. In other words, it's too neutral. You can, however, change the equalizer in the Sonos app. It works well if you want to raise the bass, for example. But a sign of a new headphone is not having to use the equalizer. Most people who wish for a distinct sound will use the equalizer. I was also surprised that Ace does not have a passive mode. You have to turn it on for both Bluetooth and wired audio. I'd love for it to be used with no battery and a wire.  

The ANC works very well, too. The sound is isolated quite well when you turn it on, and the transparency is better than average. In that regard, they aren't better than the AirPods Max, but those are tough to beat. The Ace's ANC features do well for a $450 pair of headphones.   

The battery is excellent, though. It is supposed to last 30 hours, and for listening to them often for about a week, I only had to charge them once towards the end of that period. 

The one feature I looked forward to the most with the Sonos Ace was audio over wifi (like the Sonos speakers do). That would have set these headphones apart from the plethora of other options. I'd love to listen over wifi and hear superior audio that doesn't rely on Bluetooth. You'd think Sonos would have continued to develop that feature into their debut headphones, but I understand that technologically, that may not be possible in 2024.

The Sonos Ace is a good pair of headphones if you want something to use with your Sonos Arc. If you don't have an Arc, I'd say there are plenty of other headphones that sound better or the ANC better. My favorite ANC headphones are my Mark Levinson, but there are also the Focal Bathys if you want to get top-of-the-line ANC wireless headphones. For $450, I think the price point may be a bit high. I'd like to see these go for the $350 mark due to the need for more separation from other products. Sure, you can listen to TV audio through the Sonos Arc easily, but most TVs have Bluetooth capabilities anyway, so it's not a groundbreaking feature - it's just a tad convenient.
